well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so we're going to talk a little
bit more about ubi here in a minute but
first I have to wish one of our youngest
viewers a happy birthday happy birthday
miss Lilly okay so Andrew yang got a
little boost from a study coming out of
California
18 months study of 125 people who were
each given $500 a month his plan is to
get people a thousand this happened in
Stockton the researchers are from the
University of Tennessee and the
University of Pennsylvania and they
admit that this is anecdotal it's more
for storytelling than gathering hard
data on how it's gonna impact the
economy because 125 people is just not
enough to really test it out and they
freely admit that I guess their real
goal is to try to measure the impact it
has on mental and physical health which
is interesting those results will be
released later so who did they give the
money to what were the type of people
43% were working two percent were
unemployed and not looking eight percent
were retired 20 percent were disabled
and 10% were stay-at-home caregivers
stay-at-home moms or taking care of an
aging parents something like that pretty
good cross-section okay what they spend
the money on 40% of it went to food all
right 24 percent of it went to places
like Walmart Dollar General 11 percent
went to utilities nine percent went to
auto repairs and gas that's 84 percent
right they're all pretty pretty
reasonable spending the rest the other
16% went to stuff like medical expenses
insurance I'm sure there's some
recreation in there as well
I mean that that speaks well Frank's
plan it really does I know that this
isn't a large enough sample size to
actually matter but the storytelling is
there the storytelling is certainly
there but I mean I am personally still
not convinced still have a lot of
reservations about this but the truth of
the matter it doesn't really matter what
I think matters what Lily thinks matters
will people her age think they're the
ones that are going to implement it or
not they're the ones that will live with
it something like this and a lot of the
new ideas that are coming out they're
revolutionary yeah this is an old idea
but implementing it on a scale that yang
is talking about that's uh it's a pretty
big undertaking it is something that
would transform American society whether
or not that's the way to go well that's
up to people like Lily
I'm actually curious to hear what she
has to say about it but it does give a
little bit of a boost to his theory you
know one of the big concerns with it is
if people are just going to blow it
spend it on stupid things and in that
it's kind of the idea that people who
don't have money don't know how to
budget or that they somehow wound up
without money for that reason people
have said it before being in poverty
doesn't like cash not elastic character
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night